[Music]
welcome to cinema saker's rental reviews
our featured rentals are but first a
message from our sponsor ya know that's
what I'm talkin about
you ever notice how most mobile RPGs
just are metal enough that's why I think
it guys like Tony to do the
advertisements for you well that
certainly is in the case with Iron
Maiden legacy the boost you won't need
to run to the hills' to get your hands
on this game download it on the Google
Play Store and App Store and experience
the craziest mobile game of 2020 tons of
unique game features epic monster
characters both good and evil
radical 3d graphics and a whole slew of
ways to customize your character and
team battle hordes of evil cultists
reclaim the shattered pieces of your
soul and level the [__] up yeah I just
leveled up
[Music]
download iron maiden legacy of the
beasts today through our link in the
description and receive a special gift
and a free epic champion so go right now
don't waste your time always searching
for those wasted years and download the
most metal mobile game ever
Iron Maiden legacy the Beast welcome
back to another february so this is
gonna be the truman show to the plot Jim
Carrey plays Truman who's the subject of
a 24/7 reality TV show since birth the
TV network keeps him trapped unknowingly
inside a town where everyone else are
actors definitely a Twilight Zone vibe
but this yeah oh yeah actually that's
what I kept this is the first time I've
watched this movie I've never seen it
and the whole time all I could think of
was it was Twilight Zone yeah it's scary
this movie actually has momentum
thinking about a real green it's very
questions - it does yeah well we'll get
deep we'll get deep soon but um yes so
it's a lot like if you were to pinpoint
an actual Twilight Zone episode if
you're curious there was a world of
difference in the original series it's
about this guy who suddenly realizes
that he's his life as a movie like all
of a sudden he just hears the director
say cut and then he's on a movie set all
of a sudden recently oh yeah I watch the
that's a good one yeah that's a good one
but a lot of people might point out
there's one in the 80s Twilight Zone
series called special service and that
one's supposed to be more like a closer
direct you know connection at Truman
Show ya know a true show is really good
yeah one of his best yeah still holds up
really really well yeah I like this I
saw it as a kid I uh I didn't seen in
theaters hmm I really wanted to because
I used to love Jim Carrey stuff mm-hmm
but everyone was like now it's boring
it's not funny it's not even sure which
was like a thing that he went through
for a bit mm-hmm but I even as a kid
when I finally saw it on video I loved
it I'm like this is really good I mean
it's scary to think about yeah yeah yeah
he's actually like a mental disorder
where they actually call it The Truman
Show
yeah syndrome so it's basically it's
people with schizophrenia like they
already have this
like I think they see this movie and it
gives them the idea that they're now in
a movie or they're right or they're
right yeah all right
it kind of reminds me I do think we're
gonna get into this this early but it
reminds me of the phenomenon known as
gang stalking have you heard about that
no there's people out there that think
they're being stalked by everyone okay
they think everyone is following them
and filming them kind of like this movie
okay look up the videos they're
hilarious these people like go up to
male men and delivery men okay and yell
at them they're like stop gang stalking
me this guy walked into the office when
I was there and now here he is parked
out here stop stalking me right
don't ever stop me again
yeah about what don't ever stalk me
again you do it you're crazy
there's one where a guy goes lady you
just walked down the block across the
street to yell at me how much [__] but I
think it's people who watch this movie
and then they get the idea that they're
just being followed by everyone
oh wow yeah so yeah and it what's weird
is this movie it does have like a layer
of humor but there's also this creepy
element to it like yeah everything in
his world is fake and how he has the
wife who's always smiling and she's got
the product placement I don't do that
with the cocoa powder yeah yeah like
with no preservatives like who are you
doing this for it he's like are you
talking to yeah it's so weird yeah this
movie did it freaked me out and really
like watching it the first time I it
starts to be almost like it's this
horror film even though it's not mm-hmm
the way that every time he's trying to
go somewhere everybody gets in his way
when he when he finally does leave and
their - everybody's trying so hard not
to let him yeah the the nuclear power
valve is like going on well there's like
some of it it goes to the extent where
it's really funny at the same where
there's the the when he goes to book a
flight and I was like posters to make
him like not want to leave it's so fun
yeah yeah yeah like this of the poster
has this picture of a plane getting
struck by lightning and says this could
happen yeah and the one thing it's like
it's like terrorists street gangs and
it's like listing all the things that
could happen on a plane yeah everyone
was like rabid dogs I think or something
like that and then not only does it he
has to cross the bridge and they they
well you know not to get into the whole
thing but like they implanted this fear
since childhood of water and
basically he has to get over this bridge
and he does get over it but then there's
like walls of flame the forest fire sign
and that's just gas yeah he's dead yeah
to make sure he never laid they don't
really kill him they like fire the ad
nerd I love when they show that part and
he's in the water all angry because he
got killed off and there's like a scuba
guy helping him out there yeah so they
do a good job of not really telling you
what's going on mm-hmm
like the very beginning the first clue
he gets well I mean you find out he's
had clues as home life like the first
clue is that a light falls from the sky
yeah and then like a studio light yeah
yeah the TV show has ways around it to
explain it they're like oh could you
believe that plane crash and there's
yeah the police drop like equipment or
some yeah I've been like later on he
sees like there's like an elevator shaft
but there's like extras and crew feed
yeah you're like oh and they closed the
door like an elevator crashed and
everyone yeah she's like I have to and I
love that when he follows her to work
cuz she says she has to ham potato
person that was in the elevator crack
and the doctor is like okay got it the
first incision and they're about to like
the person's like sitting there they
drop something and the woman jumps up
and then they have like pusher back
there like the actors keep breaking
because they have you know that must be
imagine being on that where you are one
of those extras and you have to
constantly put on this show like it's
it's crazy the I like the idea because
having all these people in this giant
dome that yeah they have to constantly
walk this year this whole day the whole
city is inside of a dome yeah but it's
so big that you can't tell really behind
the Hollywood sign yeah which is
recently and like that's not a good yeah
but I like that it's seen from space
yeah and it's just like kind of
photoshopped over there there's really
really good effects in this that is not
one no it zooms out and you see the guy
close the door yeah like that looks like
some of these special effects but it's
super quick it's fine but yeah they
don't really introduce like the Creator
and stuff to waylay in the movie oh why
can't they give you all the back any
we would give you the backstory I'm just
yeah it's a great way to do it like
withhold it until you there's like a big
you know moment works like whoa this is
what's really going on but that's not
just a twist look we're wearing some
like if it was a Twilight Zone episode
that would just be the twist ending and
it's over but this movie still has a lot
more movie left yes you know what it is
because then it's all about wanting to
see him leave but what's so interesting
is that he has this choice to make where
he can stay within this utopian world
that was built for him and he's where
he's safe or he can escape and have
freedom so yeah
I'm on so you find out he's in love with
this one girl not his wife mm-hmm so
Natasha McKellen she was in
Californication good actors like they
were meant to meet but then they kind of
fabricated this ye actor yes she was I
guess apparently too like she was like
an activist that wanted him to be yeah
because like I merely like Truman they
mentioned he was the first baby adopted
by a company em which is and then
there's like I think just a dog but he
was adopted before birth yeah basically
he was born into this show of five
people that were unwanted pregnancies
that they were going to use for it which
yeah this show has this like almost like
like it's it's like Orwellian yeah like
dystopian like future like sci-fi
element to it that you don't think like
when I first heard of this movie I
didn't think it would kind of be as
thought-provoking as it was it's very
good yeah and that's so weird because
you because you can describe as like a
dystopian thing but I also described as
a utopia it's almost like a fake utopia
yeah meant too much like 1984 where
where they were just you know given like
you know it was just like their thoughts
were regulated everybody was just kind
of on drugs and it was awesome but it
really was that's you know and what the
perfect world but it's not mm-hmm yeah
and the movie kind of like it always
makes you ask your own question it's
like what kind of restrictions were you
born with because everybody no matter
who you are where you're from you're
born with some kind of things that you
have no control over we're just like you
know in this movie it's it's you know
fiction that he's born into this reality
show but uh
it makes you think like Oh
are you kind of stuck within these
trappings or do you have a choice can
you you have free will can you make your
own destiny yeah I'm on the activist
side I think this is like slavery in
prison for him like oh yeah no choice
well Kristoff is no joke evil like he
isn't yeah he's a creation yeah I mean
not to spoil it but of course he does
make that decision he's like I'm gonna
get out of here so yeah there's a great
scene yeah it's so good yeah yeah he's
standing at the wall and the yeah the
bat I think it what's the mast of that
scene was actually really intense to
where he's where they're ramping up the
fake storm yeah and everyone's like
you're gonna kill him like you and he
says to away the whole world is watching
we can't let him die in front of a live
audience she was born in front of a live
audience and it's just like like
Christoph is ready - yeah he's basically
like this show going yeah like this guy
who kind of like plays like a God type
character he's a creator of the show
foresaw in the Sun and speaks to him
like through like this big like yeah
sort of like TV megaphone thing and it's
so he's basically like kind of like made
himself into like a god he's played by
Ed Harris who for the longest time I
thought was Peter Weller yeah yeah
there's a couple cameos the Paul
Giamatti isn't it well he's not a cameo
Paul gee mommy's gonna put um the guy
playing the music is composer Philip
Glass who also composed some of the
music for the movie else did the score
for the 1931 Dracula they added his
score yeah yeah no he's good he's good
oh speaking cameos actually the scene
where when they first revealed that it's
a television show and they're showing
the dome and they show like all the
people around the world watching it
there's a scene where they show a giant
outdoor like arena like a stage with
with him studios on it
that's the 1985 hall & oates Liberty
concert oh really that yeah that took
place on Liberty Island when they were
renovating the Statue of Liberty yeah
I've watched that concert like money and
as I'm watching I'm like that's the
Liberty hook like anything I and I I can
find like you
the shots they use but that's before
haul notes came out on stage but even
the boats in the background if you look
at the whole notes Liberty concert right
in the beginning when they're singing
out of time there's an aerial shot that
shows all those people it's the same
staged boats in the background they just
took that in superimposed terminal to
say same thing with that interview the
guy interviewing and this Harry Shearer
from yeah from The Simpsons yeah
Godzilla 89 Kent Brockman he's also like
Ned Flanders Brockman from The Simpsons
and spinal tap so he showed up a lot of
oh it's that guy I always forget like
that Harry Shearer was in spinal tap
because that's the there's the episode
of The Simpsons too where they go and
see spinal tap but ya know this movie is
really really intensive funny yeah very
funny it is yeah like I I loved when
they showed Truman as a kid
Eddie's climbing the rocks and that's
like no don't go yeah if he when he
grabs the kid if you listen you can hear
construction happens so they're still
building but yeah well he's a kid I'm
like that's the way the guy who like
during Christmas costs out of the
Christmas present and he's like Truman
oh yeah and the entrance is like what
like he has no idea where I think my
favorite is uh the Mount Rushmore
picture oh and it's tiny tiny she's like
oh it's far away nearly a model it's
like right behind them - there's
definitely a good movie to rewatch oh I
haven't seen I've seen movies times yeah
yeah me too yeah yeah definitely not
seated nearly enough but it's so good
the the camera angles are insane yeah
there's like every scene they would put
the camera in the most interesting place
even if it didn't really call for it but
I guess the the implication is that if
there's hidden cameras everywhere and
they're kind of trying to show you where
they're all shooting but there's one I
remember where he's driving and it's
shooting through that like the digital
guitar yeah yeah
and like the digits are reversed because
you're looking through them it was like
wow that's really specific yeah that's a
clever idea and the actors know where
all the cameras are because his friend
is like man that's a beer anything yeah
looking at the camera but ruins over
yeah yeah that's great yeah yeah well I
wonder what it would take to pull that
off but could you just imagine like all
these people who are just acting yeah
and like you know what you don't need to
do with that these days because I mean
look at us for filming our crap right
now I live stream you live stream there
was science fiction stuff being like all
people are gonna be able to watch you
24/7 and society got around to it
they're like oh we love it it's fine I
got government does he but I like doing
it like I don't know purity camera in my
house right yeah I can rotate it around
I can look at my fish change yeah yeah
yeah yeah I like that stuff I'm a big
fan of security cameras yeah yeah yeah I
mean when they're your own yeah yeah not
like anything invasive obvious I mean
I'm sure there's some companies hacking
into it but I think it's like we live
stream all the time we show people are
alive yeah it's like this movies trying
to warn us about it have you ever since
like there's this old video not to like
bring it but do you ever see the
security camera man oh my is this guy
just going around people like filming
them yeah he would just walk up to
people and start filming them and it's
like a lot of it is people like please
stop filming me but he just keeps going
to the point where it's like critical
man I would say I will try to play them
yeah buddy it becomes like by the end of
it this crazy social commentary that
like wasn't meant to happen it was just
this guy being a jerk to where like
raises good questions they're like stop
filming is like yeah but when you go to
a store you're being filmed there and
they're like yeah yeah he's like pop so
yeah he just it's if you get a chance
look dude look it up it'll blow your
mind it's laws let's just watch does he
do only public places that yeah it goes
to like well he also like he keeps also
walking into this weird like mahjong
gambling den oh they throw things at him
and stuff and he just keeps going like
he'll come back later and like they'll
see him and they're just like and they
stop and don't know what to
there's always this angry dude that like
gets in his face and stuff and he goes
to the Scientology Church like a college
class he goes to a college class cabinet
and he just won't leave like he just
keeps going until the point where
somebody like forcibly makes him leave
it he's got money he's got a point
there's cameras everywhere what's the
difference what's the I don't know it's
really good though I mean it sounds like
an ass to me it's like the way he shows
people like yeah it's I I don't know you
got to watch it it'll tell you it'll
blow your mind
which one is this is this gang stalkers
no it's just a security oh that's
security camera surveillance cameras
yeah I bet you before about this show
this took me back because I used to film
the hidden camera prank videos so I
would have to have like GoPros and cars
and stuff and like hi we once had a like
a thermos like this that had like a
screw-on thing with a GoPro there and
then I would have to like walk around
and like film every Wow
the truman show like prepare me for that
yeah yeah mm-hmm we'll say to this I
haven't seen this movie until we watched
it for this yeah and I loved it but when
I was a kid and I heard about this movie
um and you know I heard about like what
it was about I think I was about 10
years old and it caused me to have my
first existential crisis where all of a
sudden I started really contemplating
reality and when what we perceive as
just oh you've got a little of what I
gave people I heard about our well not
so much like where I was like people are
watching but then I started thinking
like okay well like I know I'm in my
mind I'm real and I'm seeing you guys in
my eyeballs mm-hmm but I could never
ever experience life as either view yeah
you can't right now I'm saying this to
you but I could be a complete figment of
whatever simulation you guys are in and
you're seeing me in first-person at
least I think you are right could never
know but it's kind of like that whole
theory of where like you know how people
say like the second there's people who
believe where
nothing is behind them the only thing
that exists is that your eyes so is it
like create something right now there's
back there like so so now now that's
nothing
yeah like when I turn yeah yeah so
there's people that believe that that
like almost as if like how video games
render yeah what the Tamra's showing
this yeah no I thought about that before
and I mean always kind of dismissed it
as well I think pretty much the same
thing you guys are seeing and hearing is
the same thing I am but when you showed
me that Laurel and yanny
oh yeah Laurel thing that blew my mind
remember we were like obsessed with that
yeah oh my god you have to called they
went to Nicholson because when we were
like yeah four days we were talking
about the world yeah
Yammy Yammy know I went home and then
show it to my family and then they heard
different things yeah like I asked my
daughter what do you what are you here
does it say yeah knee or Laurel she said
Laurel I hear and I'm like I hear ya
knee and I hear it plainly know what's
funny um I watched a video where someone
started slowing it down okay and playing
it at different speeds okay when they
super slowed it down I heard yeah knee
all I can do is candy but when it's
played at normal speed I hear Laurel I
mean I'm not here different like we
talked about mm-hmm for this show when
we filmed with the CRT TV yeah there's
people who heard that frequency yeah I
couldn't quite hear in all its yeah when
editing when I edit the show we film
about our lives at a video store that
time - oh my god oh my god it's not a
real store holy [__] oh my god oh my god
oh you tell review sick oh my gosh it's
not even over all here what guys guys
this is really [__] guys where's the
Kaldor me then they're camping look
there's another room over there what the
hell is this what
boy oh my god this whole show is a fake
hey guys think oh my god this whole our
lives are a show oh no oh my god oh god
wait who's the main characters at me I
want it to be me it's actually me
there's a camera there's a microphone oh
my God look at this guys look
Oh microphone yet what is going on here
oh my god all right guys we gotta get
out of here
[Applause]
I'll see you guys at [__] oh and
[Music]